clean up and standardize instructions (#30)
reverbdotcom/code_extension: web_full_stack/ruby/README.md

This is the Ruby/Rails part of the code extension. Tests are written using Rspec.

## Setup

**During the interview, this application will run in a cloud-based IDE, so don't worry about running it locally. These setup instructions are purely for documentation purposes only.**

> 1. Install ruby 2.7.2. We like to use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).

Reviewer: looks like this got bumped to 3.1.3
https://github.com/reverbdotcom/code_extension/commit/af5d12e71ea07d3e65b22af3ba626c6e6cde80c8#diff-8f035957771fb454a75b7775adc4ea7af4770b2080279b73c6b7ec6bb678b84d. maybe it can be generalized?
```suggestion
1. Install Ruby based on the `.ruby-version` file. We like to use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv).
```

Author: ope yep. looks like i was on the outdated master branch. but yeah, i can generalize this.
